(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(Episode 6)
Hello?
Ah Reum. Where are you?
You missed me, right?
What's going on?
(Yoon Ah Reum)
The phone has been turned off.
Please leave a message...
Something happened. I'm sure of it.
What?
Choi Hyun Tae is missing.
Mr. Koo. I'll send you a license plate number.
Please track it.
GU9985.
(Yoon Ah Reum's location)
We have Ah Reum's location.
Darn it. What was that?
- Are you okay? - Yes. Let's go.
He didn't get too far. We'll catch up soon.
He got us.
He's on the no-fly list.
He wouldn't go to the airport.
If he isn't running, he'll hide.
Is there a place he could hide?
I'm sure he has a hideout. We must find it.
A hideout?
Okay.
Mr. Song. Please look at Choi Hyun Tae's charges...
for the past three months and locate him.
Mom.
Mom!
Are you up?
Okay.
They checked three months of his credit card usage,
and it looks like he was always around Ah Reum.
Wait.
I checked the CCTV around Ah Reum's house,
and Choi Hyun Tae's unregistered car was seen.
That means he must be somewhere in here.
Yes.
Every time I did, he'd find me and follow me.
He was always following her.
- That's Ah Reum's, right? - Pardon? Yes.
Today is the first day we'll be living together.
You have no idea how long I waited for this.
The owner of unit 401 Choi Jin Suk.
I looked it up and it's Hyun Tae's father.
Mom?
- Mom? - Mom?
She's no longer around.
In order to live with you,
I sent her far away.
Mom!
- Mom! - Don't cry.
It's such a happy day. Why are you crying?
Stop.
Your dad is...
You have no idea how happy I am.
The police will be here in 10 minutes...
I'll be responsible, so just open it.
Don't come near me. I'll kill you all!
- Where is Ah Reum? - Just stay still.
Why are you looking for Ah Reum?
Where is she?
Dr. Yeo! I'm in here!
- You're crazy! - Stay back! Put it down.
Why do you keep getting in my way?
If it weren't for you, I'd be happy with Ah Reum!
Nonsense.
I became a prosecutor to catch people like you.
You will never get to see Ah Reum again.
I'll kill you!
Ms. Ma!
- You jerk! - Ah Reum! Ah Reum!
You jerk, keep it down! Ms. Ma!
Don't sway so much. Wake up.
She's okay, right?
Be careful. Be careful. Ms. Ma.
I told you we should wait.
- I'll be just behind you. - Do what you want.
(Ambulance)
I'll see you later.
You told me last time...
that you'll succeed although you failed then.
I'll say the same thing right back at you.
You received a ridiculous sentence five years ago,
but this time, you'll rot for 20 years.
It won't go your way.
Attempted murder, kidnapping, and captivity.
We have enough evidence.
And I have no intention of going easy on you.
You can look forward to it.
Watch what kind of sentence I'll get you.
- You jerk! - Take him away.
(Intensive Care Unit)
Mom...
Mom... Mom?
They caught him.
Dr. Yeo got him.
We don't have to run away anymore.
Thanks to the prosecutors who threw themselves...
for the investigation,
we were able to catch the horrible criminal.
I'm very glad.
Us at Crimes Against Girls Unit believe...
that we must focus on the message of this case.
The assailant was a child sex offender.
He served five years before he was released,
and he went on to commit the same crime again.
The young victim was still underage...
after the five years,
so she was exposed to a retaliatory offense.
I hope this case will serve as a reason...
to strengthen the sentencing guideline...
against sexual offenses towards children...
in order to avoid future retaliatory offenses.
Due to the influence of this case,
the support level for Kim Moon Sung...
who is a candidate for Yeongpa mayor dropped.
Cho Gap Soo who was running second...
narrowed the gap to 1.7 percent.
I never thought I'd find Min Ji Sook helpful.
According to internal research,
we're ahead by one percent.
Should I get the election polling committee?
We'll look into securing your rising popularity.
I know just the person.
(CAGU Briefs on Choi Hyun Tae case)
(Cho Gap Soo, Kim Moon Sung)
I did all the work, and he gets the prize.
You will never get to see Ah Reum again.
I'll kill you!
(No!)
(Distance versus time)
(Crying)
(I'm sorry, Yeo.)
(Screaming)
(No!)
You jerk!
- No. - Stay still!
Why did I trip on my own foot?
Ouch...
It hurts.
- Are you feeling better? - Yes.
It's a small gift.
Must I be in your campaign for getting a tip-off?
It doesn't seem fair.
The article will say you're just and brave.
It'll be beneficial for you too.
Ms. Ma, what is your relation to Mr. Cho?
Do you have a relationship?
No, there is no such thing.
I only came to cheer her on.
There are a lot of worries due to the increased...
crimes against children and women.
I feel safe thanks to a prosecutor like her.
I, Cho Gap Soo, will try...
to create a world where citizens can feel safe.
I'll focus on creating such policies.
What is Ma's room number?
- It's 7101. - 7101.
We must create policies for such cases.
Yes, sir.
You guys go ahead.
Okay.
Ms. Min.
So this is where we meet.
What brings you here?
You have an excellent prosecutor under you.
We had a great meeting.
Bye, now.
She didn't get stabbed for you.
She's there to catch people who live well...
even after committing crimes like you.
You should go ahead first.
Let's not be perverse.
Don't act rashly...
because I'm watching you.
Haven't you barked enough? Just bite me.
If you don't dare,
they why do you keep barking?
No one cares about a barking dog.
Sir.
What?
(Kim Moon Sung Suggests Heo Jung Yup to Unify)
Ma, how do you feel?
Does it hurt a lot?
I'm not sure. I'm dizzy and I have no strength.
It must be the aftereffect of the surgery.
You didn't even get stitches.
The doctor said the knife just scraped you.
Yeo, you shouldn't say it like that.
She had a knife go in her.
Exactly.
On top of that, she got hit for you.
- Ma did? - She did?
Yes.
It's nothing to be surprised about.
My junior was in danger.
It's what a senior should do.
Are you sure you didn't trip while fleeing?
Are you here?
Were you that upset I did the briefing?
Pardon?
You interviewed without reporting me.
On top of that, with a politician?
He told me it'd be short.
I'll look past it just this once.
If you get involved again, you'll get in trouble.
Yes, I'll remember that.
How is your cut?
Mr. Heo.
Why don't we become friends?
What did you say?
You're interested in the energy industry.
I'll get you a position at our party's...
energy industry committee.
I know you're pushing for a regulation-free zone...
for your father-in-law's Taeyang Corporation...
to be built in Yeongpa.
I'll continue on with this pledge.
I think I deserve to become your friend.
How can I become friends with someone so lowly?
I cannot become friends with detectives...
who torture others sexually.
What is this?
Let me give you an advice.
You shouldn't turn me into your enemy.
Let's be friends while I'm still asking.
That would be a lot better...
for your well-being.
Are you outside, Mr. Kim?
Yes, sir.
Get Mr. Baek...
on the line right away.
Yes, Mr. Cho.
Make your round of calls...
to the old men.
It's time to collect the investment.
Hey. Did you get those...
from the hospital?
No, they're from home.
Home...
Yes, Ms. Ma.
Go buy me some slippers.
- Pardon? - I was never sick before,
but I realized you need a lot at the hospital.
And?
What do you mean, "And"?
I got stabbed for you and am bedridden.
Why are you acting like a bystander?
You came empty handed last time too.
All right. What else do you need?
How disgusting.
I'll forward the report on Mr. Na's case tomorrow.
Can you review these documents?
Toothbrush, toothpaste, soap, towel, and makeup.
I need all the toiletries.
This is the subway sexual harassment case...
I need makeup for dry skin.
The subway sexual harassment case's CCTV...
footages were collected.
I'll meet the victim, Ms. Choi, tomorrow.
Do you think you'll get the arrest warrant?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Yeo, my phone charger too.
Also some hair ties. Black.
I need wet wipes and a tissue box.
Right. Do you have any funny videos?
(Ma Yi Deum)
Why aren't you replying? Yeo?
Yeo! Are you ignoring me?
What is it now? What? What?
What?
This was cooked perfectly.
It was seasoned well too.
This is how a meal should taste.
Hospital food is too healthy. It's not me.
You're not at the hospital to eat.
Of course, I am. I haven't had time off in ages.
Is this everything?
Yes, this is everything.
How sad.
Alcohol too?
This isn't alcohol. It's to help me digest.
You're not well. You shouldn't drink.
One can is fine.
You'll get an infection.
I said one's okay.
- I said no! - I said it's okay!
I said one can is fine.
[VIU Ver] E06 Witch's Court "The Kiss"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Let's go.
Anyway,
how many years did Choi Hyun Tae get?
18 years.
18 years? Then Ah Reum...
will be 37.
She's gotten so much more optimistic.
She says she wants to be a cop.
So that she can shoot Choi Hyun Tae.
To protect other kids suffering as she did.
Ms. Ma.
Thank you.
I mean it.
Aren't you going?
Yes.
Keep that on. It's cold. You'll get sick.
In that case,
thanks.
Go in.
Ms. Ma.
Well...
I am thankful. I am.
But starting tomorrow...
please cut back on the texts.
If you have to text, combine them into one.
I can't focus on work because of your texts.
Got it.
Bye.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
Why did you call me here with the perpetrator?
What happened to Young Woong makes me sick.
You want me to sit face-to-face with him?
My apologies.
I asked both of you here to show you something.
His hand was really rough.
It scratched my leg.
He smelled a lot like alcohol.
What about it?
Just a minute.
Would you please show us your hands?
You inspected chemicals before this job, correct?
You touched so many strong chemicals...
that your fingerprints are almost gone.
Yes.
Two years ago, you had liver surgery.
Your colleagues say ever since then,
you don't go near alcohol.
That's right.
To be honest,
the kid was crying because his pants were wet.
So I felt bad for him.
And...
he reminded me of my grandson,
so I couldn't just ignore it.
That's why I changed him.
I'm sorry. Oh no.
Ma'am.
I have two children around Young Woong's age,
so I know them well.
You think most children are incapable of lying,
but they often exaggerate with the slightest...
bit of attention.
I'm sorry.
Does apologizing cut it?
You nearly sent an innocent man to prison.
- Seo. - Yes?
Repent, okay?
Okay.
Everyone does that in the beginning.
Consider it a step to becoming stronger.
- Well... - Mr. Koo!
Gosh.
There's no need to...
I really wanted to do well.
I know. I do. But if you do this, I...
Oh my gosh. What's going on here?
Darn it!
It's nothing like that!
What does he mean? It's not like what?
Right?
- Eat this. - Thanks.
What's gotten into you?
You've done a lot.
- That feels nice. - Does it?
- Hello? - Send me some cases.
Why are you doing this?
I have a pile of documents to get approved today.
I'm busy, so let's talk later.
I may die.
What's wrong? What is it?
I'm bored to death.
I mean,
I watched all the movies and dramas you sent.
I played games for two hours,
but I still have too much time, and I feel empty.
That makes me think all sort of stupid things,
so I think working would be better.
If you feel so empty, I suggest you read.
Read...
Yes. Read? Great.
Books that formed my view on life are there.
Please bring them carefully.
(The Queen's Knight)
Her view on life?
Mom.
- Take out the carrots. - You're so finicky.
Gosh. You're still a kid.
A baby. Here.
My mom made really good gimbap too.
Chew well.
Hubby!
- Me? - What took you so long?
I've been waiting, Hubby.
What are you talking about?
Your husband is handsome.
- And tall. - And you're a prosecutor?
I'm so jealous.
I stay with him because I'm so nice.
Are we married now too?
Sorry. Let's be married for just 20 minutes.
20 minutes?
- Any kids? - Sorry?
- Not yet? - We'll try soon. Right?
Try?
Good. I'm sure you'll get one soon.
You're newlyweds.
Mom. Stop that.
I'm so embarrassed.
What? "Try"?
Try?
You're married, and now you're having kids?
What? Don't you need a mother-in-law?
Mother-in-law?
I heard you got hurt instead of Jin Wook.
I was grateful and worried.
It's okay. It's only natural as his senior.
She wanted to thank you in person.
It was nothing. You didn't have to.
Your mother must've been pretty scared.
Yes, well... Sure.
I'd like to meet her while I'm here.
Did she step away?
- Yes, well... - Mom.
You said you brought food. Where is it?
Sure. Here.
Here. Take them out.
I'll pick that up.
(Missing)
Doctor. Doctor!
I have to see my Yi Deum. I'm not crazy! I mean it!
You know that too.
Please, please let me out.
I really, really have to go.
My daughter is waiting.
My poor Yi Deum...
I'm all my dear Yi Deum has!
Doctor!
Please, let me out.
We know you're hiding from your creditors.
If you take good care...
of Kim Mi Jung,
we'll protect you as well.
Please transfer her to somewhere quiet.
I will.
Are you tired?
No.
Jin Wook. There's nothing...
going on with you and her, right?
Why? Do you wish there were?
If not, that's fine.
You should go.
Get back safely.
It's been a while, doctor.
Your son won't find out...
what happened 14 years ago, will he?
That would put you in a bad spot as well.
What do you mean?
Nothing happened 14 years ago.
That's all I know.
I'm sure...
you'll need to reach me.
(Baek Sang Ho)
It's okay.
I can go home now.
Okay.
Thank you for everything. I won't bug you anymore.
Sure.
That's good.
(Seo Yoo Ri 2, Ms. Son 3, Ma Yi Deum 0)
What you couldn't eat last time.
Drink slowly.
Okay. I'm ready now.
For what?
I'm ready to accept your feelings for me.
My what feelings?
Must I really say that myself?
You must know better about how you feel.
Don't tell me...
I'm supposed to tell you that I love you.
I don't know about love.
To be honest,
it was really tiresome trying to pretend...
I didn't know you liked me all this time.
I don't want to play games anymore, so...
let's come clean today.
Hold on.
I have many things to rebut right now,
but first, the "you liked me" part.
What proof do you have to get such a misconception?
Fine. Then first,
why were you so good to me at the hospital?
You even made well-done short ribs for me.
You made me do it, and you demanded well-done ribs.
You said you get sick if they are under-cooked.
Why did your mother come?
She came because you told her...
that you liked me.
To see the woman her son likes.
My mother likes to visit people in hospitals.
There was no ulterior motive.
That's not right. That's it.
That night.
The night you let me sleep at your place.
You came in the middle off the night...
and stroked my face like this.
Mom.
You wanted to kiss me but held back, right?
- Well... That was... - I'm right.
- You are not. - I am too.
You are not.
What the... Was she just drunk?
(Witch's Court)
I was sexually assaulted.
What is that?
You should forget everything you see now.
We'll deposit 100,000 dollars tomorrow.
Confidentiality about this place is incorporated.
I understand.
- Hi. What happened was... - Quiet, Min Ho.
Isn't he Hyungjae Group's youngest son?
And this is your younger brother, correct?
He hit a lady, and she was badly injured.
No. I didn't hit her.
Why did you call me here?
Everyone knows about his reputation.
I hear the group has a lawyer just for him.
Tae Kyoo lied to the lady that he was Min Ho.
He's smart.
Why did you bring a lawyer?
It's just assault, and not that serious.
Even if she files charges, 500,000 dollars will do.
Nice. New girl.
Get it together, Tae Kyoo.
You just deliver my uncle's bags. Behave.
- Hey. - That's right.
He's your brother, right?
I forgot.
Sorry.
Sang Ho. Are you okay?
He must be drunk.
It's happens when guys drink.
But Min Ho.
Don't come here again. If Mr. Cho finds out,
you and Tae Kyoo will both be hurt.
Okay.
Thank you in advance.
(Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office)
Hey.
Hello, Ms. Ma.
Did you sleep well?
Probably not.
- What... - How could you?
Your crush said she'd give you a chance.
Ms. Ma?
- Let me speak too. - Sure. Go ahead.
I slept well. I never had a crush.
I never said I liked you either.
Then why did you accept my kiss...
if you didn't even have a crush on me?
- The kiss, I acknowledge. - Exactly.
I acknowledge only that.
What the... Is he saying he likes me or not?
Is he playing hard-to-get?
Yeo.
(Request for No Punishment)
I didn't know things would get so out of hand.
Please pretend I never said anything.
You don't want him to be punished?
You told the police you were sexually assaulted.
I did that because I was angry at my boyfriend...
after a fight.
I love him.
Did he demand you settle, and threaten or hit...
No. Nothing of the sort.
Like I said, we love each other.
Have a nice day.
My goodness.
What a melodramatic lovers' quarrel.
Let's close the case.
Ms. Jin Yun Hee?
The money should be in your account.
- Thanks. - You're pretty good.
Is it a lot of experience?
Pardon?
Don't say anything stupid to other people later.
Don't worry.
If you run your mouth,
you'll regret it.
Sure.
Yun Hee.
Where did you park?
I took the subway today.
- Then me too. - Hey, Yi Deum.
- Oh my, gosh. - Hey, Yoo Mi.
You'll burn a hole through him. Stop staring.
I will not. This is just how I look at people.
She and I've been close since Janghyeon-dong.
I pretty much raised her.
You didn't visit me at all at the hospital.
Friday Saturday are peak. I had no choice.
I barely had time to come today.
So why did it have to be today?
I'm so glad I came today. It was worthwhile.
You really can't drink at all, Jin Wook?
No, he can't. Not at all. He's weak like that.
Aren't you taking a tonic?
Let's take a picture.
I want to commemorate meeting a cute prosecutor.
Take our picture for me.
You're making him uncomfortable. Enough.
He doesn't look it.
I won't leave until you take it.
Fine.
Okay. This way.
Okay.
1, 2...
Here.
It came out nicely.
Want to see something cool?
Look.
Isn't it awesome?
Don't you think we look so good together?
I'm going to post this.
Hashtag dream man.
(First)
I'll send you the photo. Give me your number.
(First time we met)
Yes.
I received the 200,000 dollars.
But if you'd help me with another 300,000 dollars,
I'll make sure that...
You bribed my driver and got the dash cam video.
Should I talk too?
Cho Gap Soo's breadline, Hyungjae Group?
I invited another friend.
Please have a seat, sir.
Sure.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm a chief prosecutor, Oh Soo Chul.
I think he took about 200,000 dollars.
How many years do you think he'll get?
For 200,000 dollars, it'll begin at 10 years.
He'll be disqualified from the election for sure.
Now, am I qualified to be...
your friend?
Are you from Janghyeon-dong?
Pretty much.
I was born in Yeongpa, but I lived...
in Janghyeon-dong since I was one.
Have you heard of it? Have you ever visited?
Yes. I did. When I was a senior in high school.
When you were a senior? Why?
I had to find someone.
An older lady asked me to find her family for her.
Who?
It's a long story,
but anyway, she ran a noodle soup restaurant.
She had been searching ever since.
Hold on.
You met whom?
(Independent 3. Heo Jung Yup)
So...
I, Heo Jung Yup, wish to withdraw...
my candidacy for Mayor...
of Yeongpa.
Heo Jung Yup announced his withdrawal today.
Thus, people wonder for which candidate...
the 8.5 percent that supported him will vote.
What's going on?
What's happening?
From this day forth,
I support Cho Gap Soo in the race.
Thank you.
I'm candidate number 1,
Cho Gap Soo.
You met whom?
That lady with a noodles place in Janghyeon-dong.
Was her name by chance... No, no, no.
I'm sure that's the name. I'm positive.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
That lady that you met.
She's my mom.
She disappeared 20 years ago.
(Witch's Court)
It sounds so similar to my mom.
This was not the face.
There's a way to find Kim Min Jung.
Mr. Koo. I'll send you a government ID number.
Please run an identity check.
- How did it go? - I took care of it.
This is a human rights violation and defamation.
Just as expected.
Go with me somewhere?
He's a new attorney.
Why do they sell their bodies,
not caring that they're hurting themselves?
Adults who buy kids with money are the problem.
About Kim Mi Jung, whom we mentioned earlier.
Don't you have something to say to me?